Moving Forward
Authenticating...
General Conference
October 2020 General Conference
Contents
Saturday Morning Session
Moving Forward
Russell M. Nelson
We Will Prove Them Herewith
David A. Bednar
Becoming like Him
Scott D. Whiting
Eyes to See
Michelle D. Craig
Hearts Knit in Righteousness and Unity
Quentin L. Cook
Recommended to the Lord
Ronald A. Rasband
Love Your Enemies
Dallin H. Oaks
Saturday Afternoon Session
Sustaining of General Authorities, Area Seventies, and General Officers
Henry B. Eyring
Sustainable Societies
D. Todd Christofferson
Finding Joy in Christ
Steven J. Lund
All Nations, Kindreds, and Tongues
Gerrit W. Gong
There Was Bread
W. Christopher Waddell
The Exquisite Gift of the Son
Matthew S. Holland
The Culture of Christ
William K. Jackson
God Will Do Something Unimaginable
Dieter F. Uchtdorf
Women’s Session
By Union of Feeling We Obtain Power with God
Sharon Eubank
Keep the Change
Rebecca L. Craven
The Healing Power of Jesus Christ
Cristina B. Franco
Video: The Light That Shineth in Darkness
Sisters in Zion
Henry B. Eyring
Be of Good Cheer
Dallin H. Oaks
Embrace the Future with Faith
Russell M. Nelson
Sunday Morning Session
Watch Ye Therefore, and Pray Always
M. Russell Ballard
Peace, Be Still
Lisa L. Harkness
Seek Christ in Every Thought
Ulisses Soares
I Believe in Angels
Carlos A. Godoy
We Talk of Christ
Neil L. Andersen
Let God Prevail
Russell M. Nelson
Sunday Afternoon Session
Tested, Proved, and Polished
Henry B. Eyring
Let Patience Have Her Perfect Work, and Count It All Joy!
Jeremy R. Jaggi
Highly Favored of the Lord
Gary E. Stevenson
Ask, Seek, and Knock
Milton Camargo
Do Justly, Love Mercy, and Walk Humbly with God
Dale G. Renlund
Enduring Power
Kelly R. Johnson
Waiting on the Lord
Jeffrey R. Holland
A New Normal
Russell M. Nelson
Moving Forward
October 2020 General Conference
5:7
Moving Forward
By President Russell M. Nelson
President of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
The work of the Lord is steadily moving forward.
My dear brothers and sisters, what a
joy
it is to be with you as we begin the 190th Semiannual General Conference of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I love joining with you in your homes or wherever you are to listen together to the messages of prophets, seers, and revelators and other Church leaders.
How grateful we are for the technology that allows us to be connected as one great worldwide gathering of disciples of Jesus Christ. General conference last April was viewed by more people than any preceding it, and we have every expectation that will happen again.
During the past few months, a global pandemic, raging wildfires, and other natural disasters have turned our world upside down. I grieve with each of you who has lost a loved one during this time. And I pray for all who are currently suffering.
Meanwhile, the work of the Lord is steadily moving forward. Amid social distancing, face masks, and Zoom meetings, we have learned to do some things differently and some even more effectively. Unusual times can bring unusual rewards.
Our missionaries and mission leaders have been resourceful, resilient, and truly remarkable. Although most missionaries have had to find new, creative ways to do their work, many missions have reported doing
more
teaching than ever.
We had to close temples for a time, and some construction projects were briefly delayed, but now they are all moving forward. In the calendar year 2020, we will have broken ground for 20 new temples!
Family history work has increased exponentially. Many new wards and stakes have been created. And we are gratified to report that the Church has provided pandemic humanitarian
aid for 895 projects in 150 countries.
Increased gospel study in many homes is resulting in stronger testimonies and family relationships. One mother wrote: “We feel much closer to our children and grandchildren now that we gather on Zoom every Sunday. Each takes a turn giving their thoughts on
Come, Follow Me.
Prayers for our family members have changed because we better understand what they need.”
I pray that we as a people are using this unique time to grow spiritually. We are here on earth to be tested, to see if we will choose to follow Jesus Christ, to repent regularly, to learn, and to progress. Our spirits long to progress. And we do that best by staying firmly on the covenant path.
Through it all, our Heavenly Father and His Son, Jesus Christ, love us! They care for us! They and Their holy angels are watching over us.
I know that is true.
As we gather to hear the words the Lord has inspired His servants to deliver, I invite you to ponder a promise the Lord made. He declared that “
whosoever will
may lay hold upon the word of God, which is quick and powerful, which shall divide asunder all the cunning … and the wiles of the devil, and lead the [disciple] of Christ in a strait and narrow course.”
I pray that you will
choose
to lay hold upon the word of God as it is declared during this general conference. And I pray that you may feel the Lord’s perfect love for you,
in the sacred name of Jesus Christ, amen.
Notes
See
Doctrine and Covenants 84:88
.
Helaman 3:29
; emphasis added.
See
2 Nephi 1:15
.